
.. [Brown et al.](1975){Brown}, {Hougen}, {Huber}, {Johns}, {Kopp}, 
	{Lefebvre-Brion}, {Merer}, {Ramsay}, {Rostas}, \& {Zare}}]{brown75}
	{Brown}, J.~M., {Hougen}, J.~T., {Huber}, K.-P., {et~al.} 1975, Journal of
	Molecular Spectroscopy, 55, 500

..	[gordy]:: Gordy(1984)
	Gordy, W., Cook, R.~L., 1984,	Microwave molecular spectra
	(A. Wiley-Interscience publication)

..	[Hanisch] Hanisch, R. (Editor), Resource Metadata for
	the Virtual Observatory, 2002, see website: http://www.ivoa.net/Documents/.

	
..	[Conventions1] Schutte, C. J. H., Bertie, E., Bunker, P. R., Hougen, T.,
	Mills, I., Watson, J. K. G. and Winnewisser, B. P. (1997)
	
	Notations and conventions in molecular spectroscopy: 
	part 1. General spectroscopic notation.
	
	Pure and Applied Chemistry, 69 (8). pp. 1633-1639. ISSN 0033-4545
	
..	[Conventions2] Schutte, C. J. H., Bertie, J. E., Bunker, P. R., Hougen , J. T.,
	Mills, I., Watson, J. K. G. and Winnewisser, B. P. (1997).
	
	Notations and conventions in molecular spectroscopy:
	part 2. Symmetry notation.
	
	Pure and Applied Chemistry, 69 (8). pp. 1641-1649. ISSN 0033-4545
	
..	[Conventions3] Bunker, P. R., Schutte, C. J. H., Hougen, J. T.,
	Mills, I., Watson, J. K. G. and Winnewisser, B. P. (1997) 
	
	Notations and conventions in molecular spectroscopy: 
	part 3. Permutation and permutation-inversion symmetry notation. 
	
	Pure and Applied Chemistry, 69 (8). pp. 1651-1657. ISSN 0033-4545

..	[Janev] Janev, R.K. (Editor), Summary Report of an
	IAEA Consultants' Meeting on Atomic Data Base and Fusion Applications
	Interface, Vienna, 9-13 May 1988, IAEA report INDC(NDS)-211/GA (1988).

..	[Lorenz] Lorenz, A. and Seamon, R.E.
	(Editors), Summary Report on the First Meeting of the Atomic and Molecular
	Data Centre Network, 9-13 May 1977, IAEA report INDC(NDS)-88/GB (1977).


..	[Mulliken55] Mulliken, R. 1955, J. Chem. Phys., 23, 1997

..	[ADAS] http://www.adas.ac.uk/

..	[XSAMS] IAEA version of XSAMS: http://www-amdis.iaea.org/xsams/ 
			
	VAMDC version of XSAMS: http://www.vamdc.org/documents/vamdc-xsams-guide_v0.2.pdf

..	[XSAMSAUTO] http://www.vamdc.org/documents/vamdc-xsams-doc-v0.2/ Autogenerated HTML documentation for XSAMS. 

..	[UnitsML] http://unitsml.nist.gov/

..	[DOI] http://www.doi.org/

..	[IUPAC] http://www.chem.qmul.ac.uk/iupac/

..  [IUPACAt] Recommendations for the Naming of Elements of Atomic Numbers Greater than 100,
                http://www.chem.qmul.ac.uk/iupac/AtWt/element.html

..	[InChI] http://www.iupac.org/inchi/

..	[case-by-case] For full documentation on cases see cbc-doc.pdf in docs folder of schema source.
	Schema source may be downloaded from http://xsams.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/xsams/branches/vamdc-working/

..	[CML] Chemical Markup Language, http://www.xml-cml.org/

..	[IAEAProc] HUMBERT Denis, RALCHENKO Yuri, KRSTIC Predrag, CLARK Robert E.H.,
	Classification of Processes, Version 1.2, 7 October 2003.
	http://www-amdis.iaea.org/DCN/ProcessClassification.pdf
	